Miss, I said this kid is useless
You still don't believe it
The mud is crushing
Don't worry.
I can call and handle it. Really?
I'm in the 99th floor presidential suite at the Carl's Bay Hotel.
In 10 minutes
Make the best doctor process
nonsense
Don't overload
Delayed the illness of the old master
One death is not enough
Dr. Sun, come on
Help my father
Don't get excited
I'll see the situation.
The illness of the family members of Sun Shiyi will be entrusted to you
You must save the old family members.
Don't worry.
I will definitely do my best.
Miss Su, do you really care about your poison?
This situation must be detoxified slowly
But someone forcibly pushed his heart
Although this situation is temporarily useful
But it also accelerates the penetration of toxins
Who gave the card to Huxian before me?
If there are three long and two short
I will never forgive you